Change UnpublishedMutableData to MutableData to remove redundancy (#309)
maidsafe/rfcs: text/0054-published-and-unpublished-mutable-data/0054-published-and-unpublished-mutable-data.md

## Detailed design

> Mutable data SHALL enforce that, once published, the published content MUST be Append only, while the private/shared data can be of editable type. Following are the considerations to enhance the mutable data:

Reviewer: This sounds a bit confusing. Maybe rephrase it?
```suggestion
Data types allowing mutations SHALL enforce that, once published, only appending new entries MUST be allowed, while entries in the private/shared data can be rewritten. Following are the considerations to enhance the mutable data types:
```
